---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Card Name:
The Magician

Description:
The Magician is one tarot card that is filled with symbolism. The central figure depicts someone with one hand pointed to the sky, while the other hand points to the ground, as if to say "as above, so below". This is a rather complicated phrase, but its summarization is that earth reflects heaven, the outer world reflects within, the microcosm reflects the macrocosm, earth reflects God. It can also be interpreted here that the magician symbolizes the ability to act as a go-between between the world above and the contemporary, human world. 

On his table, the magician also wields all the suits of the tarot. This symbolizes the four elements being connected by this magician - the four elements being earth, water, air, and fire. The infinity sign on his head indicates the infinite possibilities of creation with the will.

Upright Keywords:
willpower, desire, being resourceful,, skill, ability, concentration, manifestation

Upright Magician Meaning:
The Magician is the representation of pure willpower. With the power of the elements and the suits, he takes the potential innate in the fool and molds it into being with the power of desire. He is the connecting force between heaven and earth, for he understands the meaning behind the words "as above so below" - that mind and world are only reflections of one another. Remember that you are powerful, create your inner world, and the outer will follow.

When you get the Magician in your reading, it might mean that it's time to tap into your full potential without hesitation. It might be in your new job, new business venture, a new love or something else. It shows that the time to take action is now and any signs of holding back would mean missing the opportunity of becoming the best version of yourself. Certain choices will have to be made and these can bring great changes to come. Harness some of the Magician's power to make the world that you desire most.

Upright Magician Tarot Meaning: Love:
As with its general meaning, the Magician tarot meaning in love indicates making things manifest. Skill, creativity, desire and determination will bring success in love. Should you be searching for love, the Magician suggests you take action and create opportunities to meet someone who you desire. Because the Magician in tarot also represents resourcefulness and skill, it is also still important to make sure that no deception or illusions are at work. For both singles and couples, the Magician brings excitement and a desire to experiment.

Career Meaning - Upright Magician:
There are likely to be opportunities in your midst, and you may be able to harness them if you take decisive action. The Magician is the card of manifestation, meaning should you have the desire and commitment to pursue whatever it is you want in your career, you’re likely to find success. Look behind any successful person, and you’ll likely find intense willpower and drive; this is the root of all ambition. The same goes if you’re looking to start a business; harness that drive, and keep it motivated to manifest your dream career. Sometimes, if this card represents another person, such as a colleague or business partner, you may want to approach with caution, as they may not be everything they appear to be.

Finances Meaning - Upright Magician:
There can be increased financial opportunities available right now, you’ll likely just need to pursue them with gusto. The magician works with many tools to make his will manifest. Try and take a look at the tools you have available; they can be the key for you now. What skills do you have? What abilities are you not putting to use right now? Being creative can yield results.

Reversed Keywords:
manipulation, cunning, trickery, wasted talent, illusion, deception

Reversed Magician Meaning:
When you obtain the Magician reversed, it might mean its time for you to implement some changes. While right side up, the Magician represents true power, the reversed Magician is a master of illusion. The magic that he performs is one of deception and trickery. You may be lured in by the showmanship of his arts, but behind that there may be an intention to manipulate for selfish gain. Getting this card might mean that there is someone who pretends to have your best interests at hand when the opposite is true. 

Consider whether this reversed the magician is in your circle, or perhaps might also represent your current state of emotions. It may mean you may become obsessed with power and that might lead to wrong, reckless decisions that will lead to your eventual downfall. 

Reversed Magician Tarot Meaning: Love:
In reverse, the Magician tarot meaning in love can signal that not everything may be what it seems. When it comes to new relationships, you may want to make sure you truly know your new lover. Even if he or she seems perfect, this could be an illusion or performance. Alternatively, the reversed Magician in love can indicate that your low confidence or a lack of willpower, or an inability to manifest your relationships, creating insecurity when it comes to romance and love.

Career Meaning - Reversed Magician:
Are you really putting all of your talents to use right now? Are there any skills that your current career trajectory is ignoring? There are likely lots of opportunities for you to advance, if you were to really use your true potential. You may already feel this, but perhaps are too afraid to take the plunge, as it can be a risky move. You’ll need to take a closer look at what the real risks are, and understand whether your fears are truly grounded in reality, or whether they stem from a different source. Sometimes this card can also indicate that the people in your workplace may not be completely honest, or may have hidden agendas. If your gut instinct is telling you this, trust it; be wary about how much you share around them. 

Finances Meaning - Reversed Magician:
If your finances aren’t quite what you hoped they would be right now, it may be that you’re not putting your best foot forward. You may have energy or talents that are being wasted, and you will only need to grow your confidence to put yourself out there. You may lack the willpower to transform your talents into money. Remain cautious around others, when it comes to sharing details about your financial situation. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------